A message reading "I was [[Otari]], save me from below" — seen in the loo in the room at the far north.

A lot of torture rooms in this area.

A light appeared and led us to a room containing a skeleton minotaur. The minotaur rose up but seemed to be trapping the light.
The green light is an illusion of some kind, leading us deeper — perhaps to save whoever sent the message.

Deeper in, underneath the dock area.

We found some [[Brown Mold]] that nearly killed us.

We killed a river drake but lost Rattler's familiar. Anabelle their wife wept and is now a widow.
36 gp
Wand of magic missiles (1st)
Retribution axe — +1 greataxe with a human skull
Wayfinder?

We found a teleportation room but are unable to activate it linked to the one above though we think it will not work for that given it is missing it's silver.
We found an improvised shrine to some person of importance to the cult. A crude depiction of [[Belcorra Haruvex]].
The [[Mortlocks]] are the ones who created the shrine but why are they worshiping her and how do they know of her given she died so long ago?

We found a room with 6 sarcophagi they were a place of honour. 1 had remains and the spirit from it attacked us, the skull didn't form quickly enough to see the face but it seemed to be [[Belcorra Haruvex]]. 1 person gained the honour to be buried here.

There is a desiccated worm surrounding a light the light that is the same one that came from the [[Lighthouse]] when the zombie rose.

Moss caked skull on the eastern wall [[Nhimbaloth]] a possible stair way down or a trap

### Diorama Room
A series of dioramas showing [Absolom] in flames, destruction. 
The last diorama show undead rising from the graves using the light from the [[Lighthouse]].
The Dioramas are trapped and nearly killed us.

### Broom Closet
We found a silver cane in a broom closet which was a silver sword cane (low grade)
We found a room with hellscape paintings and horrors with the demon janitor [[Zozzlarin]] inside.
The demon creature will share a special memory?
We parlayed with [[Zozzlarin]] he is the janitor for this floor. Cleaned up our mess. bound to this room for 18 hours. and required to clean, he was bound here for far longer than he should have been. forced to clean the floor with his tongue. 


Killed by [[Prince Praveen Penthus]] after his use was up. Will he kill me if I'm no longer useful? 

### Vision
An ancient version of this dungeon, old weapon weapon brackets filled with ballista
A figure is wounded with light armour and a pony tail a gash in his side...
Dashing through the weapon brackets and dodges out of the way but is cut by it.
Enters the washroom and never leaves. 
The man was [[Otari]] who survived the collapse of the building but then may have died in the washroom.

2 Old Golems 8 gems worth 5 GP each total of 40GP

Bypassed all the dioramas and disabled them

### Spider Planning Room
A strange room with a cross shaped table 
10 chairs around the table
Covered in thick spider webs

We found a number of spiders and an Ettercap Minivix his two pet spiders. BB nearly died and Rattler was lifted to the celing and strangled part way to death. 

We found another illusionary version of [[Absolon]] perhaps this was where the attacks were planned.

Mesmerizing Opal
5 Shining Sling Bullets
Type 1 Necklace of Fireballs (3 beads 1 Large and 2 smaller)